README.md, before:

# Effective Verification: Static Analysis Meets Program Logics 

## Workshop website

http://lorentzcenter.nl/lc/web/2019/1115/info.php3?wsid=1115&venue=Snellius

## Verification challenges

During the workshop, to be able to offer a broad and diverse set of
verification challenges, we are collecting submissions of ideas for
verification challenges and problems related to pointer-manipulating
software. We welcome both problems of academic interest as well as
challenges based on themes that are relevant in industry. We encourage
suggestions at any level of detail, including submissions without a
fully worked out verification task.

## Guidelines

- a problem is specified at least by an informal statement of the
  algorithm to be implemented (optionally with complete or partial pseudo
  or source code) and of the requirement(s) (optionally as a formal
  safety/functional correctness/... property) to be verified;
- a problem should be solvable, at least in part, within a 60-90 minute
  time slot by an experienced user. Alternatively, "hard" problems that
  one can think the whole week about are also of interest;
- submission of reference solutions is welcome but not mandatory;
- problems should preferably be language-independent. Those that are
  mainly suitable for specific languages or tools or that exhibit specific
  features such as concurrency or higher-order functions should be clearly
  identified as such;
- problems that contain several sub-problems or other means of
  difficulty scaling are especially welcome; and
- the organizers reserve the right (but no obligation) to discuss the
  problems in the meeting, either as submitted or with modifications.

## Submissions

Proposals can be submitted via Github. This is done as follows:

- Fork the repository
- Create a new directory called `challenge_name`
- Put a Markdown file called `README.md` in that directory that describes
  the challenge, together with any number of additional files.
- Make a pull request.

## Organizers

- [Lennart Beringer](https://www.cs.princeton.edu/~eberinge/) (Princeton University)
- [Robbert Krebbers](https://robbertkrebbers.nl) (TU Delft)
- [Thomas Noll](https://moves.rwth-aachen.de/people/noll/) (RWTH Aachen University)
- [Makoto Tatsuta](http://research.nii.ac.jp/~tatsuta/index-e.html) (National Institute of Informatics)

Commit message:

Added links to related collections

README.md, after:

# Effective Verification: Static Analysis Meets Program Logics 

## Workshop website

http://lorentzcenter.nl/lc/web/2019/1115/info.php3?wsid=1115&venue=Snellius

## Verification challenges

During the workshop, to be able to offer a broad and diverse set of
verification challenges, we are collecting submissions of ideas for
verification challenges and problems related to pointer-manipulating
software. We welcome both problems of academic interest as well as
challenges based on themes that are relevant in industry. We encourage
suggestions at any level of detail, including submissions without a
fully worked out verification task.

## Guidelines

- a problem is specified at least by an informal statement of the
  algorithm to be implemented (optionally with complete or partial pseudo
  or source code) and of the requirement(s) (optionally as a formal
  safety/functional correctness/... property) to be verified;
- a problem should be solvable, at least in part, within a 60-90 minute
  time slot by an experienced user. Alternatively, "hard" problems that
  one can think the whole week about are also of interest;
- submission of reference solutions is welcome but not mandatory;
- problems should preferably be language-independent. Those that are
  mainly suitable for specific languages or tools or that exhibit specific
  features such as concurrency or higher-order functions should be clearly
  identified as such;
- problems that contain several sub-problems or other means of
  difficulty scaling are especially welcome; and
- the organizers reserve the right (but no obligation) to discuss the
  problems in the meeting, either as submitted or with modifications.

## Submissions

Proposals can be submitted via Github. This is done as follows:

- Fork the repository
- Create a new directory called `challenge_name`
- Put a Markdown file called `README.md` in that directory that describes
  the challenge, together with any number of additional files.
- Make a pull request.

## Related collections

The following competitions are targeted at related verification challenges, though not necessarily dealing only with pointer software:
- [Competition on Software Verification (SV-COMP)](https://sv-comp.sosy-lab.org/) and its [Collection of Verification Tasks](https://github.com/sosy-lab/sv-benchmarks)
- [VerifyThis](http://www.pm.inf.ethz.ch/research/verifythis.html)
- [Verified Software Competition](http://vscomp.org/)

Another related activity is the [Dagstuhl Seminar 14171 on "Evaluating Software Verification Systems: Benchmarks and Competitions"](https://www.dagstuhl.de/en/program/calendar/semhp/?semnr=14171).

## Organizers

- [Lennart Beringer](https://www.cs.princeton.edu/~eberinge/) (Princeton University)
- [Robbert Krebbers](https://robbertkrebbers.nl) (TU Delft)
- [Thomas Noll](https://moves.rwth-aachen.de/people/noll/) (RWTH Aachen University)
- [Makoto Tatsuta](http://research.nii.ac.jp/~tatsuta/index-e.html) (National Institute of Informatics)
